Incorporate feedback (#25)
Ctrl-Alt-Defeat-Foundation-Models/informatiCup2024Paper: paper.tex

\end{abstract}

\section{Introduction}

> The development of generative Machine Learning models made huge steps forward in the last years, considering the comparison with human crafted artefacts. Large Language Models (LLM) enable the generation of texts in all kinds of different flavours and styles. Image generative models like Vision Transformer (ViT) already created fake images being reported as real by media. Other news showed artists winning art competitions with generated art. This creates an interest in detecting which texts or images are AI generated and which ones are real images or human-written texts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The development of generative Machine Learning models made huge steps forward in the last years considering the comparison with human crafted artefacts. Large Language Models (LLM) enable the generation of texts in all kinds of different flavours and styles. Image generative models like Vision Transformer (ViT) already created fake images being reported as real by media. Other news showed artists winning art competitions with generated art. This creates an interest in detecting which texts or images are AI generated and which ones are real images or human-written texts.
```

> Therefore researchers evaluated different approaches to detect fake images and texts. Some adversarial attacks are already known to be able to reduce the performance of other computer vision tasks, e. g. visual object detection, by artificially manipulating real images.

Reviewer 2: To my knowledge, e.g. is written without a space
```suggestion
Therefore researchers evaluated different approaches to detect fake images and texts. Some adversarial attacks are already known to be able to reduce the performance of other computer vision tasks, e.g. visual object detection, by artificially manipulating real images.
```

Author: I don't think there should be one 

https://english.stackexchange.com/questions/298507/should-there-be-a-space-in-e-g-i-e-between-a-dot

But please confirm

Reviewer: Yeah, you can do it without space

Reviewer 2: @RaphaW Yeah that's why I proposed to remove it ...

Author: Oh got it, I thought it was the other way around

> As this is a very topical issue the "Gesellschaft für Informatik" \cite{GI} organizes a competition called "InformatiCup2024" \cite{InformatiCup} in which the topic is to manipulate a detectable source in a way that the detector does not recognize it anymore. This raises the questions, whether and how it is possible to manipulate generated artefacts (e.g. images and texts) to reduce the accuracy of detectors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As this is a very topical issue the "Gesellschaft für Informatik" \cite{GI} organizes a competition called "InformatiCup2024" \cite{InformatiCup} in which the topic is to manipulate a detectable source in a way that the detector does not recognize it as AI-generated anymore. This raises the questions, whether and how it is possible to manipulate generated artefacts (e.g. images and texts) to reduce the accuracy of detectors.
```

> As this is a very topical issue the "Gesellschaft für Informatik" \cite{GI} organizes a competition called "InformatiCup2024" \cite{InformatiCup} in which the topic is to manipulate a detectable source in a way that the detector does not recognize it as AI-generated anymore. This raises the questions, whether and how it is possible to manipulate generated artefacts (e.g. images and texts) to reduce the accuracy of detectors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As this is a very topical issue the "Gesellschaft für Informatik" \cite{GI} organizes a competition called "InformatiCup2024" \cite{InformatiCup} where the participants try to manipulate a detectable source in a way that the detector does not recognize it as AI-generated anymore. This raises the questions, whether and how it is possible to manipulate generated artefacts (e.g. images and texts) to reduce the accuracy of detectors.
```

RQ2: How can generated texts be manipulated to trick fake text generators?

The report is structured as follows: After this introduction chapter 2 presents related work, especially text and image generative models as well as fake image and text detectors. Chapter 3 presents the methodology of our work followed by chapter 4 presenting the results of our experiments. Afterwards the results will be discussed in chapter 5 and chapter 6 will conclude this paper.

\section{Related work}

\subsection{Generative models}

> \subsubsection{Image generative models}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> \subsubsection{Text generative models}

Reviewer 2: To my understanding the feedback regarding the paragraphs is meant, that we should remove those headings and rather just separate the sections by paragraphs. So if you could remove them as well, I think all feedback would be incorporated.

> \subsubsection{Text generative models}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

RQ2: How can generated texts be manipulated to trick fake text generators?

The report is structured as follows: After this introduction chapter 2 presents related work, especially text and image generative models as well as fake image and text detectors. Chapter 3 presents the methodology of our work followed by chapter 4 presenting the results of our experiments. Afterwards the results will be discussed in chapter 5 and chapter 6 will conclude this paper.

\section{Related work}

\subsection{Generative models}

\subsection{Detector models}

> The \textbf{AIorNot} detector by Nahrawy on Hugging Face is a pretrained swin-tiny-patch4-window7-224 fine-tuned on the AI or Not dataset. Swin-Transformer by Microsoft is a new Vision Transformer which makes use of hierarchical windows. This reduces the self-attention to not-overlapping windows of other areas of the image \cite{liu2021swin}.

Reviewer: I think citations chould always be after the end of the sentence
```suggestion
The \textbf{AIorNot} detector by Nahrawy on Hugging Face is a pretrained swin-tiny-patch4-window7-224 fine-tuned on the AI or Not dataset. Swin-Transformer by Microsoft is a new Vision Transformer which makes use of hierarchical windows. This reduces the self-attention to not-overlapping windows of other areas of the image. \cite{liu2021swin}
```

Reviewer 2: I disagree. This does depend on what you reference. If the hole statement is based on the cited source it makes sense at the end of the sentence, but if e.g. a citation is for specific subpart of the sentence, then it should be in front of the dot. However in this case I agree.

Author: Not sure whether or not max agrees or disagrees with me or you, I would still do it my way

Reviewer: > I disagree. This does depend on what you reference. If the hole statement is based on the cited source it makes sense at the end of the sentence, but if e.g. a citation is for specific subpart of the sentence, then it should be in front of the dot. However in this case I agree.

Yeah, that's true. It was meant like in this case. So @RaphaW in this case it should be after the dot
